His Royal Highness, this prince actually let people
Means of bringing back the dead
Thank you Prince for saving my life
His Royal Highness is the immortal of the world
Yes, hahaha.
His Royal Highness the Prince is here
It's easy to take care of that traitor.
only
The traitor has already gone
I'm afraid it won't be easy to find him, right?
Why don't you bring the guilty woman up?
This is the mother of the traitor
He will be publicly executed on the execution ground today
Don't believe the traitor won't come
His Royal Highness
We were also blinded by the rebel for many years
Thought he was a fool
So I adopted him
I knew he was a sinner
Bloodline, we are sure
It was handed over to the palace early in the morning
You are only cheap
So cheap that the lion does not kneel
Your Highness the Lion has allowed you for so many years
You're not grateful anymore
Still burying your enemy here
Hope to see your son's body later
This issue itself
My doctor is out today
Unify Jiangnan
Vow to crusade against the traitor and sinner Lin Haoran
hook ending foreign affairs
rebel together
Available from now on
Zhao Gao Tianxia
But Lin Haoran has a thousand cuts in his heart
Any feather that has cover
same crime
Jin Zun Chizi's order in the world